Improve/api response guides (#1486)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Getting-Started/handling-errors-and-exceptions.md

| `403 Forbidden`          | <ul><li>Ensure you have the appropriate [roles](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/roles--7HKK5Uau2H6wxE1rH5oRbc?&utm_source=autocomplete) to perform the desired action.</li><li>Check the expiration or validity of your access credentials.</li></ul> |
| `404 Not Found`          | <ul><li>Refer to [API Reference](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference) for correct endpoint naming.</li><li>Double-check the URL or endpoint for accuracy.</li><li>Confirm if the resource has been moved or deleted.</li><li>Check the [VTEX status page](https://status.vtex.com/) for real-time outages and incident reports. If the issue persists, reach out to [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/support).</li></ul> |
| `405 Method Not Allowed` | <ul><li>Ensure the request method matches the allowed methods for the resource. Refer to [VTEX API Reference](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference) for supported methods.</li><li>Check for spelling errors in the method used.</li></ul> |

> | `429 Too Many Requests` | <ul><li>Implement strategies to minimize request frequency and optimize the code.</li><li>Implement an [exponential backoff strategy](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/best-practices-for-avoiding-rate-limit-errors) to gradually increase the time between retry attempts.</li><li>Monitor rate limit usage and adjust the application accordingly.</li></ul> |

Author: ```suggestion
| `429 Too Many Requests` | <ul><li>Reduce the frequency of requests by optimizing code to limit unnecessary API calls or batch requests when possible.</li><li>Implement an [exponential backoff strategy](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/best-practices-for-avoiding-rate-limit-errors) to gradually increase the delay between retries after receiving a 429 error.</li><li>Monitor your API request patterns closely to identify any areas that may be triggering rate limits frequently and adjust accordingly.</li><<li>Consider implementing a queue system to better manage and distribute requests over time.</li><li>In case of persistent rate limit issues, consider reaching out to [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/support) for further assistance or clarification.</li></ul> |
```
